\documentclass[12pt,a4paper]{article}

\usepackage{eso-pic}% http://ctan.org/pkg/eso-pic
\usepackage[a4paper, total={6in, 9in}]{geometry}
\usepackage{graphicx}% http://ctan.org/pkg/graphicx
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
  colorlinks=true,
  urlcolor=blue,
}

\author{Anthony Lannutti}
\date{August 21, 2025}
\makeatletter
\newcommand{\@position}{}
\newcommand{\position}[1]{\renewcommand{\@position}{#1}}
\title{Meeting Minutes}
\position{Secretary}

\AddToShipoutPictureBG{%
  \AtPageUpperLeft{\raisebox{-\height}{\includegraphics[width=1.5in]{images/brand.png}}}%
}

\pagenumbering{gobble}
\begin{document}

\begin{center}
  Valley View Estates POA Annual Summer Meeting Notes\break{}
  \@date{}
\end{center}

\section*{Board Attendance}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Melissa Braddy (2025 President)
  \item Guy Smith (2025 Vice President)
  \item Dominic Lannutti (2025 Treasurer)
  \item Anthony Lannutti (2025 Secretary)
\end{itemize}

\section*{Call to Order}
\begin{flushleft}
The meeting was called to order on \@date{} at 6:30 PM\@.
\end{flushleft}


\section*{POA Board Update}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \textbf{POA Board Progress in 2025}
  \begin{itemize}
    \item A detailed review of the work that has been done can be seen in the in-person \href{https://www.example.com}{meeting slides}.
    \item New uplighting at Highway 170 and Highway 62.
    \item Trim \& remove trees at Highway 170 Gazebo
    \item Purchased new backflow devices
    \item Installed new vinyl windows for guard tower
    \item Gazebo remodeling in progress
    \item Proposed new street signs and restoration of street poles
    \item Proposed entrance sign for Giles \& Iron
    \item Bollard light repairs
  \end{itemize}
  \item \textbf{POA Financial Update}
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Dominic Lannutti walked through the POA financials for 2025.
    \item The POA posted a \$21,900.40 net profit 
    \item Our cash position remains strong with \$172,349.25 in combined assets. This is approximately \$22,000 ahead of where we stood in January 2025
  \end{itemize}
  \item \textbf{Committee Updates \& Volunteer Opportunities}
  \begin{itemize}
    \item Guy Smith covered what is required in order to make changes to the bylaws and challenges associated with the bylaws as they exist today
    \item \textbf{Architectural Review Committee}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Discussed what common structures are allowed without ARC approval, with ARC approval, or are not allowed
    \end{itemize}
  \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

\section*{Property Owner Feedback and Questions}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \textit{What is being done about the median?}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Melissa - Discussed the possibility of adding drought tolerant landscaping.
    \end{itemize}
  \item \textit{Why are we down \$13,000 in income from last year?}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Courtney - The difference is due to the fact that the POA has payments owed to it such as liens and dues.
        Last year, a concerted effort was made to collect on delinquent dues.
    \end{itemize}
  \item \textit{Are we going to start adding the date of the covenant violation to the violation letters?}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Melissa - We will start doing that
    \end{itemize}
  \item \textit{Why is the water bill so high?}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Hal - We are paying on a \$5,000,000 loan that was required to get our sewage to Prairie Grove.
    \end{itemize}
  \item \textit{What are we planning to use for the gazebo for?}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Melissa - We intend to make it available for the community to use.
    \end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

\begin{flushleft}
Meeting notes submitted by:\break{}
\@author\break{}
Valley View Estates POA Secretary
\end{flushleft}

\end{document}
